entity_type	entity_ID	entity_name	genre_name	has_participated
artist	1	Mr. Spencer White	Rock	no
artist	4	Lindsey Washington	Rock	no
artist	5	Robert Harris	Rock	yes
artist	8	Richard Glass	Rock	no
artist	10	Joshua Lee	Rock	no
artist	13	Kathy Adams	Rock	yes
artist	14	Brenda Wu	Rock	no
artist	17	Mandy Tate	Rock	no
artist	19	Jonathan Jones	Rock	no
artist	22	Jessica Morton	Rock	no
artist	27	Brandy Wilson	Rock	no
artist	28	Rachel Smith	Rock	no
artist	34	Lisa Crawford	Rock	no
artist	35	Leah Meyer	Rock	yes
artist	36	Richard Curtis	Rock	no
artist	39	Patrick Lin	Rock	yes
artist	44	Ernest Long	Rock	no
artist	46	Martha Lewis	Rock	no
artist	48	Jenna Mitchell	Rock	no
group	2	Yolanda Snyder Band	Rock	yes
group	5	Marc Stein Band	Rock	no
group	6	Katelyn Hines Band	Rock	no
group	8	Andrew Mccullough Band	Rock	no
group	9	Amy Smith Band	Rock	yes
group	10	Debra Phelps Band	Rock	yes
group	11	Mr. Kenneth Perez Band	Rock	no
group	12	Trevor Burnett Band	Rock	no
group	14	Adrian Stevenson Band	Rock	yes
group	15	Evan Andrews Band	Rock	yes
